feature: Add import, export, bulk management of Staged Configs (#553)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/how-to/staged-configs/import-export-staged-config.md

Many administrators do their work on local systems, virtual machines, Docker containers, and more. F5 NGINX One Console
supports import and export of such configurations.
This guide explains how to import or export a Staged Configuration to your NGINX One Console. 

{{< include "nginx-one/staged-config-overview.md" >}}

## Before you start

Before you import or export a Staged Configuration to NGINX One Console, ensure:

- You have an NGINX One Console account with staged configuration permissions.

You can also import, export, and manage multiple Staged Configurations through [the API]({{< ref "/nginx-one/how-to/staged-configs/api-staged-config.md" >}}).

## Considerations

NGINX One Console supports imports and exports as a compressed archive known as a [tarball](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_(computing)), in `tar.gz` format. 
When you work with such archives, consider the following:

- Do _not_ unpack archives directly to your NGINX configuration directories. You do not want to accidentally overwrite existing configuration files.
- The files are set to a default file permission mode of 0644.
- Do not include files with secrets or personally identifying information.

> - We ignore SSL/TLS certificate files and keys.

Author: ```suggestion
- We ignore hidden files.
- We ignore SSL/TLS certificate files and keys.
```

Reviewer: FYI we are still ignoring hidden files, so that does not need to change.

Not ignoring SSL cert keys.

  - If you import or export such files in archives, NGINX One Console does not include those files.
- The size of the archive is limited to 10MB.  

{{< tip >}}

Before you unpack an archive, run the `tar -tvzf <archive-name>.tar.gz` command. It displays the files and directories in that archive, without overwritting anything.

> You'll then now where files are written when you next run a command like `tar -xvzf <archive-name>.tar.gz`.

Author: ```suggestion
You'll then know where files are written when you next run a command like `tar -xvzf <archive-name>.tar.gz`.
```

> You'll then know where files are written when you next run a command like `tar -xvzf <archive-name>.tar.gz`.

Author: ```suggestion
You'll then know where files are written when you extract an archive with a command like `tar -xvzf <archive-name>.tar.gz`.
```

product: NGINX One
---

## Overview

Many administrators do their work on local systems, virtual machines, Docker containers, and more. F5 NGINX One Console
supports import and export of such configurations.
This guide explains how to import or export a Staged Configuration to your NGINX One Console. 

{{< include "nginx-one/staged-config-overview.md" >}}

## Before you start

Before you import or export a Staged Configuration to NGINX One Console, ensure:

- You have an NGINX One Console account with staged configuration permissions.

You can also import, export, and manage multiple Staged Configurations through [the API]({{< ref "/nginx-one/how-to/staged-configs/api-staged-config.md" >}}).

## Considerations

NGINX One Console supports imports and exports as a compressed archive known as a [tarball](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_(computing)), in `tar.gz` format. 
When you work with such archives, consider the following:

- Do _not_ unpack archives directly to your NGINX configuration directories. You do not want to accidentally overwrite existing configuration files.
- The files are set to a default file permission mode of 0644.

> - Do not include files with secrets or personally identifying information.

Reviewer: We ultimately decided to remove any checks for secrets, as the other config input api paths don't check for such, so responsibility falls on the user to not stick their secrets or PII into N1. Theoretically a user can import whatever they like.

Author: Thanks for the context. I think we can keep this line.

- We ignore hidden files.

> - We ignore SSL/TLS certificate files and keys.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - We ignore SSL/TLS certificate files and keys.

Author: now deleted

  - If you import or export such files in archives, NGINX One Console does not include those files.

> - The size of the archive is limited to 10 MB.  The size of uncompressed files is limited to 1 MB.

Reviewer: We reduced the numbers to 5 MB (compressed archive size) and 10 MB (uncompressed individ. file size)
"The size of the archive is limited to 5 MB. The size of uncompressed files is limited to 10 MB."

Author: ```suggestion
- The size of the archive is limited to 5 MB.  The size of all uncompressed files in the archive is limited to 10 MB.
```

{{< tip >}}

> Before you unpack an archive, run the `tar -tvzf <archive-name>.tar.gz` command. It displays the files and directories in that archive, without overwritting anything.

Author: ```suggestion
Before you unpack an archive, run the `tar -tvzf <archive-name>.tar.gz` command. It displays the files and directories in that archive, without overwriting anything.
```

You'll then know where files are written when you extract an archive with a command like `tar -xvzf <archive-name>.tar.gz`.

> 

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the best place to caution the user, but their conf_path must be an absolute path, as it must be with other config input APIs. We immediately 400 bad request error if it's non-absolute.

Author: I've added that info[ here](https://github.com/nginx/documentation/pull/553/files#diff-b106fc66d77b7731faee32cde7a8b3a400eb43caad5afd0d8104343941bccd5eR29)
